what did I say you were supposed to call
me when you landed I'm sorry I thought
maybe something was wrong with the phone
I gave you no it was just such a rush at
the airport all right well if of course
if IID had the number where you were
staying I would have just called there
what's the number I don't I don't have
it Kimmy come on this was one of the
conditions let me talk to one of the
cousins I'll get it from them dad
they're in Spain I didn't know I swear
to Spain
Kim is there anything else you want to
tell
me Kim
me there's someone here her cousins are
back oh my God they got Amanda what what
are you talking about Kim Let's
Go dad
all right listen to me oh God did you
meet anyone on the plane no in the
airport no yes Peter Peter Peter who I
don't know an American did he know where
you were
staying he took a camp with
us dad
coming I'm scared I know you are stay
focused Kimmy you have to hold it
together how many people are there be
precise three 3 4 no where are
you I'm in the bathroom go to the next
bedroom get under the bed tell me when
you're
there now the next part is very
important they're going to take you Jim
stay focused baby this is key you will
have five maybe 10 seconds
very important seconds leave the phone
on the floor concentrate shout out
everything you see about them hair color
ey color tall short scars anything you
see you
understand they're there I can hear them
remember concentrate
put the phone closer so I can
hear they're leaving
I think
[Music]
they're 6 Fe right
I don't know who you
are I don't know what you want if you
are looking for ransom I can tell you I
don't have money but what I do have I
have a very particular set of skills
skills I have acquired over a very long
career skills that make me a nightmare
for people like
you if you let my daughter go now
that'll be the end of it I will not look
for you I will not pursue you
but if you
don't I will look for you I will find
you and I will kill
you good
luck Sam it's me you need a favor I'm
going to download something I need it
analyzed right now
[Music]